=head1 NAME

i2chipd - read values from i2c chips and store data to database

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<i2chipd> 

=head1 DESCRIPTION

The B<i2chipd> is used to read different data from i2c chips on Raspberry 
Pi. The data is converted to physical quantity and written to a file in 
directory /var/lib/i2chipd/. The measured values can be optionally inserted 
to a SQLite3 or MySQL database table. The reading interval of each chip is
defined in file /etc/i2chipd_config together with other measurement 
parameters.

The daemon is started with command 

B<service> I<i2chipd> I<start>

and can be stopped any time with

B<service> I<i2chipd> I<stop>

The operation of the daemon can be checked from the log file.

=head1 FILES

I</etc/i2chipd_config>             Configuration file. 

I</etc/init.d/i2chipd>             Init script.

I</usr/sbin/i2chipd>               Daemon code.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/bmp180_pressure> BMP180 pressure.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/bmp180_temperature> BMP180 temperature.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/htu21d_humidity> HTU21D humidity.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/htu21d_temperature> HTU21D temperature.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mag3110_Bx>      MAG3110 magnetic field Bx.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mag3110_By>      MAG3110 magnetic field By.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mag3110_Bz>      MAG3110 magnetic field Bz.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mag3110_temperature>  MAG3110 temperature.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mpl3115a2_altitude>   MPL3115A2 altitude.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mpl3115a2_pressure>   MPL3115A2 pressure.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/mpl3115a2_temperature> MPL3115A2 temperature.

I</var/lib/i2chipd/tmp102_temperature>  TMP102 temperature.

I</var/run/i2chipd.pid>            PID file.

=head1 WARNING

No check is done where the query data is written. Could make some hardware 
unusable.

=head1 AUTHORS

Jaakko Koivuniemi 

=head1 SEE ALSO

i2cdetect(8), i2cset(8), i2cget(8), sqlite3(1), mysql(1)

